19-Apr-2020
Send the revised paper back for review JRFM. 

18-Apr-2020
There are questions of dummy variables and model selection that can be addressed.

12-Apr-2020
Role of USD as a safe asset?  Journal of Finance Vol 76 number 1.

Understanding capital flows is crucial to policy and regulation.  How far should the capital account be restricted?  Can they free savings for development and reduce the cost of capital?  Is full capital account convertibility still the aim? The Committe for International Economic Policy and Reform (CIEPR 2012) looks at this issue.  The Rethinking Central Banking (2011) make the case for a broader mandate for central banks and for more active policy coordination.  There are difficulties in global coordination.  Report concludes that policymakers should aim to get the benefits of capital flows while minimising the costs. The report suggest that one way to do that is to improve the data that they have. 

Borio and Disyatat (2011) show that cross-border bank and bank deposits account for a very large share of major economies overall cross-border gross positions. 

Avdjiev et al (2017) and Davis et al (2019) have examples of the improved data that has been seen.  

Cesa-Bianchi (2019) model gross international capital flows. This is about exchange rates. 

There are a number of models that use gross capital flows. These include Devereux and Saito (2006), Devereau et al. (2018), Gabaix and Maggiorio (2015), Fostel et al. (2015) Gournichas et al (2017), McGrattean and Prescotte (2010). Caballero and Simsek (2019). THey gnerally abstract from teh banking system.  This lossses a major part of speculation. 

1e-Apr-2022
The SVAR.tex paper is in the zip file to send to the journal. I am now working on the major corrections. 

These are the corrections and my response

Review 1:

1) Absttract is too short. This must include background, methods, results and conclusions

2) Citation line 20 is missing a year. 

3) Part 1 is too short. Add detailed literature search. Quaity and latest sources. Recent research. Part 2. Materials and methods in first two paragraphs must be part of the literature not the methodology. 

4) Abbreviations are not explained. 

5) Name on Table 1 is too long. Turn that into notes. 

6) Results are too brief.  You refer to Figure 1 and Figure 2 in appendices that are not marked. 

7) No conclusion. Discussion should include work of other authors.

8) References incorrectly formatted.  Each is different. 

9) Overall arrangement of the article is in appropriate. Unstructured. 

I used the latex template.  This inficated that there were four required sections: introduction, materials and methods, results and discussion.  I have re-strucuted the paper to a more conventional format.  

10) The defined aim or goal of the work is missing. This needs research questions or hypotheses. 

Review 2:

1) Specify the VAR model in text with the necessary equations

2) Confirm that there is no evidence of serial correlation in the residuals. 

3) Discuss the generalisation of the results of the study

4) Discuss the theoretical and practical implications of the study

5) Discuss the limitations of the study. 
